#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile --no-emit-index-url requirements.in
#
absl-py==0.10.0
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-datasets
    #   tensorflow-metadata
    #   tf-slim
argon2-cffi==20.1.0
    # via notebook
astunparse==1.6.3
    # via tensorflow
async-generator==1.10
    # via nbclient
atomicwrites==1.4.0
    # via pytest
attrs==20.3.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   pytest
    #   tensorflow-datasets
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
backoff==1.10.0
    # via -r requirements.in
bleach==3.3.0
    # via nbconvert
cachetools==4.2.1
    # via google-auth
certifi==2020.12.5
    # via
    #   kaggle
    #   requests
cffi==1.14.5
    # via
    #   argon2-cffi
    #   google-crc32c
chardet==4.0.0
    # via requests
click==7.1.2
    # via -r requirements.in
colorama==0.4.4
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   pytest
coverage==5.3.1
    # via pytest-cov
cycler==0.10.0
    # via matplotlib
cython==0.29.22
    # via
    #   pycocotools
    #   tf-models-official
dataclasses==0.6
    # via tf-models-official
decorator==4.4.2
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
dill==0.3.3
    # via tensorflow-datasets
dm-tree==0.1.5
    # via tensorflow-model-optimization
entrypoints==0.3
    # via nbconvert
flake8==3.8.4
    # via -r requirements.in
flatbuffers==1.12
    # via tensorflow
future==0.18.2
    # via tensorflow-datasets
gast==0.4.0
    # via tensorflow
gin-config==0.4.0
    # via tf-models-official
google-api-core[grpc]==1.26.1
    # via
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-core
google-api-python-client==2.0.2
    # via tf-models-official
google-auth-httplib2==0.1.0
    # via google-api-python-client
google-auth-oauthlib==0.4.2
    # via tensorboard
google-auth==1.27.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   tensorboard
google-cloud-bigquery==2.11.0
    # via tf-models-official
google-cloud-core==1.6.0
    # via google-cloud-bigquery
google-crc32c==1.1.2
    # via google-resumable-media
google-pasta==0.2.0
    # via tensorflow
google-resumable-media==1.2.0
    # via google-cloud-bigquery
googleapis-common-protos==1.53.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   tensorflow-metadata
grpcio==1.32.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
h5py==2.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   keras
    #   tensorflow
httplib2==0.19.0
    # via
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   oauth2client
idna==2.10
    # via requests
importlib-resources==5.1.2
    # via tensorflow-datasets
iniconfig==1.1.1
    # via pytest
ipykernel==5.5.0
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-console
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
    #   traitlets
ipython==7.21.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-console
ipywidgets==7.6.3
    # via jupyter
jedi==0.18.0
    # via ipython
jinja2==2.11.3
    # via
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
joblib==1.0.1
    # via scikit-learn
jsonschema==3.2.0
    # via nbformat
jupyter-client==6.1.11
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-console==6.2.0
    # via jupyter
jupyter-core==4.7.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
jupyter==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyterlab-pygments==0.1.2
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-widgets==1.0.0
    # via ipywidgets
kaggle==1.5.10
    # via tf-models-official
keras-preprocessing==1.1.2
    # via tensorflow
keras==2.4.3
    # via -r requirements.in
kiwisolver==1.3.1
    # via matplotlib
markdown==3.3.3
    # via tensorboard
markupsafe==1.1.1
    # via jinja2
matplotlib==3.3.3
    # via
    #   pycocotools
    #   seaborn
    #   tf-models-official
mccabe==0.6.1
    # via flake8
memory-profiler==0.58.0
    # via -r requirements.in
mistune==0.8.4
    # via nbconvert
mock==4.0.3
    # via -r requirements.in
nbclient==0.5.3
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==6.0.7
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   notebook
nbformat==5.1.2
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
nest-asyncio==1.5.1
    # via nbclient
notebook==6.2.0
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   widgetsnbextension
numpy==1.19.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   h5py
    #   keras
    #   keras-preprocessing
    #   matplotlib
    #   opencv-python-headless
    #   opt-einsum
    #   pandas
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
    #   seqeval
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-datasets
    #   tensorflow-hub
    #   tensorflow-model-optimization
    #   tf-models-official
oauth2client==4.1.3
    # via tf-models-official
oauthlib==3.1.0
    # via requests-oauthlib
opencv-python-headless==4.5.1.48
    # via tf-models-official
opt-einsum==3.3.0
    # via tensorflow
packaging==20.8
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   pytest
pandas==1.2.0
    # via
    #   seaborn
    #   tf-models-official
pandocfilters==1.4.3
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.1
    # via jedi
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pillow==8.0.1
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   tf-models-official
pluggy==0.13.1
    # via pytest
prometheus-client==0.9.0
    # via notebook
promise==2.3
    # via tensorflow-datasets
prompt-toolkit==3.0.16
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
proto-plus==1.15.0
    # via google-cloud-bigquery
protobuf==3.15.1
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   proto-plus
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-datasets
    #   tensorflow-hub
    #   tensorflow-metadata
psutil==5.8.0
    # via
    #   memory-profiler
    #   tf-models-official
py-cpuinfo==7.0.0
    # via tf-models-official
py==1.10.0
    # via pytest
pyasn1-modules==0.2.8
    # via
    #   google-auth
    #   oauth2client
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   oauth2client
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pycocotools==2.0.2
    # via tf-models-official
pycodestyle==2.6.0
    # via flake8
pycparser==2.20
    # via cffi
pydump==1.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pyflakes==2.2.0
    # via flake8
pygments==2.8.1
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyterlab-pygments
    #   nbconvert
    #   qtconsole
pyparsing==2.4.7
    # via
    #   httplib2
    #   matplotlib
    #   packaging
pyrsistent==0.17.3
    # via jsonschema
pytest-cov==2.10.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pytest-custom-exit-code==0.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pytest==6.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-custom-exit-code
python-dateutil==2.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-client
    #   kaggle
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-slugify==4.0.1
    # via kaggle
pytz==2020.5
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   pandas
pywin32==300
    # via jupyter-core
pywinpty==0.5.7
    # via terminado
pyyaml==5.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   keras
    #   tf-models-official
pyzmq==22.0.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
qtconsole==5.0.2
    # via jupyter
qtpy==1.9.0
    # via qtconsole
requests-oauthlib==1.3.0
    # via google-auth-oauthlib
requests==2.25.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-core
    #   kaggle
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow-datasets
rsa==4.7.1
    # via
    #   google-auth
    #   oauth2client
scikit-learn==0.24.1
    # via
    #   seqeval
    #   sklearn
scipy==1.5.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   keras
    #   scikit-learn
    #   seaborn
    #   tf-models-official
seaborn==0.11.1
    # via -r requirements.in
send2trash==1.5.0
    # via notebook
sentencepiece==0.1.95
    # via tf-models-official
seqeval==1.2.2
    # via tf-models-official
six==1.15.0
    # via
    #   absl-py
    #   argon2-cffi
    #   astunparse
    #   bleach
    #   cycler
    #   dm-tree
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-pasta
    #   google-resumable-media
    #   grpcio
    #   h5py
    #   jsonschema
    #   kaggle
    #   keras-preprocessing
    #   oauth2client
    #   promise
    #   protobuf
    #   python-dateutil
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-datasets
    #   tensorflow-model-optimization
    #   tf-models-official
sklearn==0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
tensorboard-plugin-wit==1.8.0
    # via tensorboard
tensorboard==2.4.1
    # via tensorflow
tensorflow-addons==0.12.1
    # via tf-models-official
tensorflow-datasets==4.2.0
    # via tf-models-official
tensorflow-estimator==2.4.0
    # via tensorflow
tensorflow-hub==0.11.0
    # via
    #   tensorflow-text
    #   tf-models-official
tensorflow-metadata==0.28.0
    # via tensorflow-datasets
tensorflow-model-optimization==0.5.0
    # via tf-models-official
tensorflow-text==2.4.3
    # via -r requirements.in
tensorflow==2.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tensorflow-text
    #   tf-models-official
termcolor==1.1.0
    # via
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-datasets
terminado==0.9.2
    # via notebook
testpath==0.4.4
    # via nbconvert
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via python-slugify
tf-models-official==2.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
tf-slim==1.1.0
    # via tf-models-official
threadpoolctl==2.1.0
    # via scikit-learn
toml==0.10.2
    # via pytest
tornado==6.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.59.0
    # via
    #   kaggle
    #   tensorflow-datasets
traitlets==5.0.5
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
typeguard==2.11.1
    # via tensorflow-addons
typing-extensions==3.7.4.3
    # via tensorflow
uritemplate==3.0.1
    # via google-api-python-client
urllib3==1.26.2
    # via
    #   kaggle
    #   requests
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via bleach
werkzeug==1.0.1
    # via tensorboard
wheel==0.36.2
    # via
    #   astunparse
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
widgetsnbextension==3.5.1
    # via ipywidgets
wrapt==1.12.1
    # via tensorflow

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
